Add redirects, sitemaps, and limits topics (#944)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/merchants/edge-delivery-services/redirects.mdx

---
title: Redirects
description: Learn how Edge Delivery Services handles redirects using a spreadsheet, including URL path matching, query parameter behavior, and entry limits.
---

import Link from '@components/Link.astro';
import { Aside } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

Edge Delivery Services manages redirects through a spreadsheet, so no code changes are required.

## Redirect behavior

<Aside type="note" title="Redirects override existing pages">

> If you create a redirect for a URL that has a published page, the redirect overrides it and the page becomes unreachable at that URL. The page is not deleted. Remove the redirect to restore access, then republish the page if it was also unpublished.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you create a redirect for a URL that already has a published page, the redirect takes precedence and the page is no longer accessible at that URL. The page is not deleted. To restore page access, remove the redirect. If the page is unpublished, republish it after removing the redirect.
```

</Aside>

The redirect sheet matches URL paths, not query parameters. For example, `/search?q=shoes` and `/search?q=bags` both match `/search`. To target individual search terms, ask your developer to configure [search redirects](/how-tos/search-redirects/) instead.

> The redirect sheet has a maximum number of entries (see <Link href="https://www.aem.live/docs/limits#redirect-limits" text="Redirect limits on AEM.live" />), so if you are managing a large legacy migration, check [File and content limits](/merchants/edge-delivery-services/file-limits/) before importing historical redirects. Once your redirects are live, update your [sitemap](/merchants/edge-delivery-services/sitemaps/) so search engines find the new URLs.

Reviewer: Since the file and content limits provide all the limits info including the link to the Redirect limits on AEM live -- I'd remove the first link to avoid redundancy and too many link references.

```suggestion
The redirect sheet has a maximum number of entries. If you are managing a large legacy migration, check [File and content limits](/merchants/edge-delivery-services/file-limits/) before importing historical redirects. Once your redirects are live, update your [sitemap](/merchants/edge-delivery-services/sitemaps/) so search engines find the new URLs.
```
